NSTP Orientation

1. What is the aim of NSTP?
        
	National Service Training Program aimed at enhancing civic consciousness and defense preparedness in the youth by developing the ethics of service and patriotism while undergoing training in any of its three program components. Its various components are specially designed to enhance the youth's active contribution to the general welfare.
2. What are the three (3) program components of NSTP? Differentiate the three.
     

	a) Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC)  is a program institutionalized under Sections 38 and 39 of Republic Act No. 7077 designed to provide military training to tertiary level students in order to motivate, train, organize and mobilize them for national defense preparedness.
	b) Literacy Training Service (LTS) is a program designed to train students to become teachers of literacy and numeracy skills to school children, out of school youth, and other segments of society in need of their service.
	c) Civic Welfare Training Service (CWTS)  refers to programs of activities contributory to the general welfare and the betterment of life for the members of the community or the enhancement of its facilities, especially those devoted to improving health, education, environment, entrepreneurship, safety, recreation and morals of the citizenry.

3. What program component do you intend to enrol? Why?

	I would chose CWTS because it feels like this is the best thing I can do. I am not really good in becoming like a teacher and I have already tried CAT. So the only choice I have is CWTS.
    

4. What is the role of NSTP in nation-building?
    
	The role of NSTP in nation-building is to promote the role of the youth in nation-building. As such, it aims to encourage the youth to become civic and/or military leaders and volunteers whom could be called upon by the nation in cases their services are needed.

5. How will NSTP help you become good Filipino citizen and good Benildean-Lasallian?
	
	NSTP will help us become good Filipino citizen and good Benildean-Lasallian by improving and enhancing our virtues by giving multiple experince of helping people. Through this it gives awaken us that there are people who needs the support of us other people.
